WEB3-164: added new Steel readme + relevant docs (#275)
risc0/risc0-ethereum: steel/docs/how-does-steel-work.md

```rust
sol! {
    interface IERC20 {
        function balanceOf(address account) external view returns (uint);
    }
```

*This code is taken from the erc20-counter example, which you can find [here].*

The sol\! macro parses Solidity syntax to generate Rust types; this is used to call the `balanceOf` function, within the [guest program], using `balanceOfCall`:

```rust
// GUEST PROGRAM
// Read the input from the guest environment.
let input: EthEvmInput = env::read();
let contract: Address = env::read();
let account: Address = env::read();

let evm_env = input.into_env().with_chain_spec(&ETH_SEPOLIA_CHAIN_SPEC);

// Execute the view call; it returns the result in the type generated by the `sol!` macro.
let call = IERC20::balanceOfCall { account };
let returns = Contract::new(contract, &evm_env)
	.call_builder(&call)

> 	.call()
> 	.unwrap();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	.call();
```

```solidity
contract {
	function doSomething(journalData, proof) {
		validate journal data
		validate Steel commitment

		verify proof
		doSomethingElse() 
}

}
```

The interesting on-chain logic, *doSomethingElse()*, is only reached if the journal data, the steel commitment and the proof are all valid. 

Concretely, in the erc20-counter example, the counter is only updated if the caller has a balance of at least one, and this counter update is gated by Steel and the zkVM.

```solidity
contract Counter {

function increment(bytes calldata journalData, bytes calldata seal) external {
        // Decode and validate the journal data
        Journal memory journal = abi.decode(journalData, (Journal));
        require(journal.tokenContract == tokenContract, "Invalid token address");
        require(Steel.validateCommitment(journal.commitment), "Invalid commitment");

        // Verify the proof
        bytes32 journalHash = sha256(journalData);
        verifier.verify(seal, imageID, journalHash);
        
	 // If the balance is at least one, update the counter
        counter += 1;
    }
```

> Within a single proof, we’ve seen Steel can handle hundreds of thousands of view calls. Specifically, one partner application has shown gas savings of 1.2 *billion* gas for a contract call using around 400,000 SLOADs. 1.2 billion gas is around 30 *blocks* worth of execution and this can be verified onchain in one proof, that costs under $10 to generate, and less than 300k gas to verify (see [RISC Zero’s verification contracts]).

Reviewer 2: Hundreds of thousands of view calls is slightly different than what we've seen. It should be possible, but is not something we've actually done yet.
```suggestion
Within a single proof, we’ve seen Steel can handle view calls orders of magnitude larger than on-chain execution can handle. Specifically, one partner application has shown gas savings of 1.2 *billion* gas for a contract call using around 400,000 SLOADs. 1.2 billion gas is around 30 *blocks* worth of execution and this can be verified onchain in one proof, that costs under $10 to generate, and less than 300k gas to verify (see [RISC Zero’s verification contracts]).
```

> With proof aggregation, cost savings are amortized even further, by taking multiple separate applications of Steel, and wrapping them all up into a single SNARK.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With proof aggregation, cost savings are amortized even further, by taking multiple separate applications of RISC Zero, and wrapping them all up into a single SNARK.
Aggregation is a key feature of [Boundless][boundless-website]

[boundless-website]: https://beboundless.xyz/

```
